README.md, before:

A backend project to analyse data from the National Stock Exchange, to provide fundamental TA and recommendations on trade, with possibility to prepare and train models to predict stock trend. 

Based on [_nsedt_](https://github.com/pratik141/nsedt) module by pratik141 

## Current  Functionalities

Following table highlights the available endpoints, their details and examples.

Base URL for the service is as follows :-

```
https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/
```
Endpoint details are as follows

| Endpoint  | Request Type | Parameters | Description | Example |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |    :----:   |   :----:|
| /health | GET | N/A  | Tells if the service is running       |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/health  |
| /getStockData?start_date=yyyy-mm-dd&end_date=yyyy-mm-dd&symbol=xxx | GET | start_date, end_date, symbol  | Fetch Historic OHLCV data for a stock from NSE, based on start and end date and stock code       |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/getStockData?start_date=2023-06-02&end_date=2024-01-01&symbol=ITC  |
| /getStockTaData?start_date=yyyy-mm-dd&end_date=yyyy-mm-dd&symbol=xxx | GET | start_date, end_date, symbol  | Fetch calculated TA data for a stock from NSE, based on start and end date and stock code       |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/getStocTaData?start_date=2023-06-02&end_date=2024-01-01&symbol=ITC  |
| /taConfigParams | GET | N/A  | Fetch the config values that will be used to calculate TA data  |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/taConfigParams  |
| /taConfigParams | POST | JSON fetched from the above request with updated values as payload | Update the config values that will be used to calculate TA data  |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/taConfigParams  |
| /generateTaResult?symbolList=s1,s2 | GET | A comma seperated list of Stocks for analysis sent as query parameter | View the ta results for the stocks, along with interesting datapoints highlighted  |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/generateTaResult?symbolList=ITC,HCLTECH  |

## Features

- Automatically persist historic data in CSV format, available for personal use out of the service too.
- Provides TA data for following :
    - Close
    - Close EMA
    - Volume
    - Volume EMA
    - % deviation b/n actual volume and average
    - MACD
    - MACD Signal
    - RSI
    - Best fit regression channel data
- Automatically analyse TA data and provide a comprehensive view of trend reversals and interesting events in a trade history

## Instructions to run in local

Install python on your system and run following commands in root directory
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python app.py
```

Commit message:

Zerodha integration (#4)
* zerodha basics

* Create, view and delete GTTs

* Move endpoints

* Add kite service layer

* Add testing for different methods

* Added modify triggers and sell orders

* Vulnaribilities fix and organize files

---------

Co-authored-by: Soham Choudhury - s0c0kug <Soham.Choudhury@walmart.com>

README.md, after:

A backend project to analyse data from the National Stock Exchange, to provide fundamental TA and recommendations on trade, with possibility to prepare and train models to predict stock trend. 

Based on [_nsedt_](https://github.com/pratik141/nsedt) module by pratik141 

## Current  Functionalities

Following table highlights the available endpoints, their details and examples.

Base URL for the service is as follows :-

```
https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/
```
Endpoint details are as follows

| Endpoint  | Request Type | Parameters | Description | Example |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |    :----:   |   :----:|
| /health | GET | N/A  | Tells if the service is running       |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/health  |
| /analysis/getStockData?start_date=yyyy-mm-dd&end_date=yyyy-mm-dd&symbol=xxx | GET | start_date, end_date, symbol  | Fetch Historic OHLCV data for a stock from NSE, based on start and end date and stock code       |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/analysis/getStockData?start_date=2023-06-02&end_date=2024-01-01&symbol=ITC  |
| /analysis/getStockTaData?start_date=yyyy-mm-dd&end_date=yyyy-mm-dd&symbol=xxx | GET | start_date, end_date, symbol  | Fetch calculated TA data for a stock from NSE, based on start and end date and stock code       |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/analysis/getStocTaData?start_date=2023-06-02&end_date=2024-01-01&symbol=ITC  |
| /analysis/taConfigParams | GET | N/A  | Fetch the config values that will be used to calculate TA data  |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/analysis/taConfigParams  |
| /analysis/taConfigParams | POST | JSON fetched from the above request with updated values as payload | Update the config values that will be used to calculate TA data  |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/analysis/taConfigParams  |
| /analysis/generateTaResult?symbolList=s1,s2 | GET | A comma seperated list of Stocks for analysis sent as query parameter | View the ta results for the stocks, along with interesting datapoints highlighted  |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/analysis/generateTaResult?symbolList=ITC,HCLTECH  |
| /kite/login?totp=otp | GET | 2FA OTP generated by the Kite app | Authenticates the app with your Kite trading account. If otp is not provided, it is expected an auth activity was already performed before |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/kite/login?totp=123456  |
| /kite/fetch-data?method=m | GET | any value among holdings, positions, orders, margins, triggers | A test URL which fetches different values from your demat acc |  https://nse-analyser.onrender.com/kite/fetch-data?method=holdings  |

## Features

### TA analysis

- Automatically persist historic data in CSV format, available for personal use out of the service too.
- Provides TA data for following :
    - Close
    - Close EMA
    - Volume
    - Volume EMA
    - % deviation b/n actual volume and average
    - MACD
    - MACD Signal
    - RSI
    - Best fit regression channel data
- Automatically analyse TA data and provide a comprehensive view of trend reversals and interesting events in a trade history

### Zerodha Kite Integration 
- Login into you acc using App provided 2FA code
- Execute the following operations
    - View essential data
        - Orders
        - Positions
        - Holdings
        - Margins
    - Order related activity like Place Buy or Sell calls, with GTTs
    - Create modify and delete GTT and OCO Sell calls


## Instructions to run in local

Please ensure docker is installed in your system. Execute following commands in root directory

For Mac OS
```
chmod 777 Local_Run_Scripts/mac_run.sh && ./Local_Run_Scripts/mac_run.sh
```
For Windows Powershell
```
Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted ; /Local_Run_Scripts/win_run.ps1

```
